Hello, this is Arnaud and currently it is 10-11 p.m. on Wednesday 29th of April 2026. Tomorrow I have an exam. It is the final exam of my 6th semester exam. Which means this is the final examination of my computer science degree. Like the whole thing. Like once I come out of the examination hall, I will be done with my course and the only thing left for me to do is to get my mark sheet and my degree certificate. I have not started studying for tomorrow's exam because it is easy. Instead I am going to talk about my degree course. And all my experiences and everything basically. In one whole thing. Alright, so all the way back in 2023, it is sufficient to say that I fucked up in my 12th examination. And I got 66.17% which meant that I was going to stay in RYK Science College. Because they fucking took anyone above 60% grade. No questions asked. Type shit. So I did not know the amount of shit that I was going to go through. Both in college and both internally as well. In my mind. When I joined in June 2023, I felt out of place. Mainly because I was not supposed to be there. It is RYK for fuck sake. I am Arnav Rathoda. I am not supposed to be studying in RYK. I was supposed to be at a better college. But my fuck ups had landed me in RYK of all places. And there was no one good to make friends with. I did end up making friends. I am part of a friend group. They are nice people. They are decent people. But that is besides the point. The people there are not the type of people that I was hoping to meet in college. I do not like studious people that much. As in I do not like when someone's whole personality is just regarding studies. And I also do not like when someone's personality is... I think do with studying. Like any good centrist, I like to have balance. And that balance is that I want the people I am around to be... To give a shit basically about what they are doing. At minimum. To give a shit. You are studying for this course. You better give a shit about this course. And that's it. And the rest man you can be a fun person. You can go out and you can... Bunk lectures. That's all well and good. But you need to give a shit about what you are doing actually. At college. What you are studying. What your goals and aspirations are in the future. I give a shit about computers. I fucking love computers. I really do. I have loved computers ever since I was a child. And that is why I joined the computer science course. That does not explain why I joined this particular computer science course. And that is explained by what I just said before. Because they were the only ones who would take me. Maybe not the only ones now that I think of it. But they were the... The nearest option basically. It is a very... It's such... It's... I don't know how to explain these last three years. 2023 June. Then 2024, 2025. And now it is April 2026. I genuinely cannot believe it's been three years at this point. I genuinely cannot. It was horrible. I used to doubt myself every single day. I am not supposed to be here. I am not supposed to be here I would say. All of these people are stupid. The students are bad shit stupid. The teachers can't teach for shit. The department is full of buffoons to say the least. And it's just an overall shitty place to be if you want to get shit done basically. Well, not everyone was bad. You know, I met good people. You know, Aditya. He is a good guy. He has hopes and dreams and aspirations and he actually gave a shit. Arsh as well. But yeah, those are the only two people that I know of that have hopes and dreams and aspirations. Well, Sushant I guess. But I am not that close to Sushant as I am with Aditya and Arsh. So, the rest just... I don't know what they have from their future. What they want from their future. But none of them show any signs of that. At least in my friends group I mean. The others can just go fuck themselves. I don't care about any others. I don't care about how they are as people. I just don't really vibe with any of them because they are the wrong kind of people for me like I have mentioned. And then the teachers. Well, not all the teachers are bad. Some are okay. Others are good. Some of them inspired me to pursue some cool stuff. Let's talk about teachers. Tilak ma'am was good in maths. She helped me get good grades in maths basically. I did not like maths that much but in the first year because of Tilak ma'am's teaching I got good grades in maths. Then Karkare sir was good in statistics. Then I guess Geeta ma'am and Sani ma'am were good in electronics. I like their teaching. And I like them as people. Well, Geeta ma'am at least as a person. She is strict when she wants to be but she feels very approachable and overall just a nice person. And then she would talk to us after practicals about our future plans and all of that stuff. Sani ma'am is a good teacher. She was a good teacher but then I did not look at her as approachable at least. Like a bit cranky, a bit sarcastic, quick with sly remarks. But I don't hold that against her. That's alright. Some teachers are like that. Then Ahire ma'am. Oh my god, Ahire ma'am. In our second year we had a teacher called Ahire ma'am. She taught software engineering, theory subject, but she taught the data structure practical like C programming. And oh my god, she was the strictest practical teacher I have ever had. The other practical teacher, Mahajan ma'am, she was actually pretty chill with the students. And by that I meant she wasn't as strict with all the code and all. Ahire ma'am was extremely strict down to the way that we wrote the code. And at that point I basically cried at a point. I was frustrated. I was so mad. And then she used to say that her former students used to call her, used to text her, used to tell her that because of how she taught they were able to succeed in life. Basically her teaching made a positive impact on them and that they look back at her fondly. And I used to cough a lot when I was teaching. And I used to cough at that internally. I was like why the fuck would that be? This is just rose tinted glasses. Here I am one year after that and I think she had a point. I think what she said, the way she said, okay, it was tough in the moment. And I can tell it was a very difficult moment. But where credit is due she did teach us in a way. She did direct us in a way that did actually help me personally a bit. You know, when I write my code, I write it in a certain way. When I format it, I format it in a certain way. When I write my code, I write it in a certain way. I write it in a certain way. that did actually help me personally a bit you know when I write my code I write it in a certain way when I format it I format it in a certain way when I write my functions my loops everything I write those in a certain manner and I think that's some credit has to go to her that's fine I think I will text her or call her when I'm all grown up and I'll be like good morning good time of the day ahire ma'am your teaching helped me I actually met her recently and I told her that the subject that she taught software engineering that actually helped me in my internship oh also internship in my sixth year sixth year what the fuck in my sixth semester in my sixth semester of college I landed an internship that was the weirdest semester of my life this past semester because I was juggling both the internship and college and by juggling I mean I was focusing for on the internship and then I was focusing on college I wasn't focusing on two things at once but it I don't know I did not enjoy that I would like to have just one thing on my plate either my work or my college so I did not attend any lectures of course but I did attend the some like maybe some of the practicals but not really I skipped all the practicals then I attended all of the exams though of course but then I went to college on Saturdays of some times not always actually I did not go to college for half two months actually straight but then preparing for the exams without in any classroom experience just textbook and fucking Google notebook LM with me somehow I did it and it's so strange I mean I it's really strange I had so little prep time but I did prep and I think given the prep time I prepared pretty well so yeah and tomorrow is the final day before that I felt fucking horrible all these years I there were times I felt suicidal there were times I felt depressed there were times I felt like nothing was going according to plan the worst I had felt was after 12th and when I got the results and everything was falling apart for me because I thought that was the end for me but then they did not stop after I got into the college I thought once I get into a fucking course it will stop it did not I continued to be sad I continued to be depressed because I did not belong there this was not my college it's RYK science college is not my college it is not my department that was how I felt all of this time and if you ask me right now I'm not going to sugarcoat it I still feel somewhat the same I may be a student who studied in this department but this is not my department is what I have I would say is how I would describe it I do not associate myself with this department that highly it's just a thing I just happened to study in this department and I happen to give my exams and I happen to get my degree from this college and this university that's all is this a harsh outlook yeah it is do I care honestly no not really because it's just true I'm not just saying it to be edgy I genuinely genuinely genuinely believe that because if it's your department you should feel positive about it right I should feel you should reminisce about it at least in a positive way not in a way to escape not an escapism way for example in the future if my am I'm my job is tough and I'm not having fun at my job and I'm just depressed as shit there and I look back upon my college days happily that's not how it should be that not that way I should be able to look back on my college days and be happy regardless of my current situation when that criteria is cleared I think then that is when you start to make the department your own department you know yes this is my department the computer science department of RYK science college is not my department for me it's just the department that I studied in I felt so many things like I wasn't enough like I I just felt so bad whenever I did good in my department whenever I answered some questions whenever I like showed my intelligence I used to feel horrible because I had I felt like that I wasn't really that intelligent but because of all the stupidity around me I was made out to be more intelligent in comparison you know in the will in the kingdom of blind men the one-eyed minus King that type of way that always followed me every single day of my computer science course that has never left me but these days since I've gotten the internship I have felt a bit better since I have other stuff to do since I have actual stuff to do in my life you know this is a chapter of my life that I do not know the chapter of my life that I do not know how I cleared I do not know how three years went by every single semester every single time it just went by I went by and I just feel I don't know how I feel you know it's supposed to feel bittersweet I actually feel satisfaction that's what I feel I feel satisfaction of finally having crossed the finish line and I don't want to look back on the road that I took to get here I might but not with anything too positive but you know what I'm just grateful that I came here in the first place you know and by here I mean I came to the finish line not the route I took that's another thing but at least I am glad that I finished you know I feel incredibly weird right but that's life what's life if not incredibly weird oh god it's a crazy life and yeah and I'm just I'm glad that it's over you know don't be sad because it happened be happy that it is over you know if you flip it tomorrow I will go to college I will tomorrow I will wake up in the morning at 6 for the last time I will go to college possibly for the last time one of the final times I will go to the garden for the last time I will sit down with my classmates my friends for the last time I will discuss the exam and possible questions that can appear for the last time I will walk over to the exam center my exam block my room for the last time I will sit down on my assigned seat I will collect my answer sheet and then the question paper and then look at the question paper for the last time I will write down every answer for the last time I will get it signed for the last time I will walk up from my desk and to the invigilator and hand over my paper for the last time I will walk out of my exam hall for the last time okay now that I said it feels very sad but maybe it's just I'm just used to it I guess but I'm grateful that I am still here in one piece is what I would say I don't want to be too negative I but I do want to be grateful that I made it I made it out and at least I got to meet some decent people you know if anything I got to meet the most most decent people in my batch which is not saying much but seeing how my batches I guess that's honestly an achievement so I'm glad and then after that I'll get my t-shirt signed by my friends and then we'll go out and eat myself and then I'll come back home and then I will sleep yep that's that's how I'll do it it's about to be over I'm so happy I never thought the day would come but it is here Arnav Jitendra Rathod bachelors in science computer science that's all for me peace and gahev cheese